feat: Add observability wrappers (#1616)
ghostdogpr/caliban: vuepress/docs/docs/middleware.md

We may also specify a "multipliers" argument when using arguments. This will match the argument names and use numeric argument values to multiply the base value.
In the above case this means that a query that specifies a `limit` of `10` for the `spokenLines` field will have the base field cost multipled by 10 resulting in a total cost
of execution of `1000`

## OpenTelemetry Tracing

> Caliban ships with support for OpenTelemtry tracing via integration with [zio-telemetry](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry) via the `caliban-tracing` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caliban ships with support for OpenTelemetry tracing via integration with [zio-telemetry](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry) in the `caliban-tracing` package.
```

In order to use tracing, first add `caliban-tracing` to your `built.sbt`.

```scala
libraryDependencies += "com.github.ghostdogpr" %% "caliban-tracing" % "2.0.2"
```

Then add it to your schema as any other wrapper:

```scala
import caliban.tracing.TracingWrapper
import zio.telemetry.opentelemetry.Tracing

val api: GraphQL[Any] = ???

> val tracedApi = api @@ TracingWrapper.traced

Reviewer: Maybe add more details like, for what it's going to create spans? It would be good to know what spans will look like before trying it yourself.
